Today on my run I began thinking about different feature updates I can make to my website. I think if I add a form at the
end of each journal entry, I can possibly get some feedback from people who read my entries. This is in which case
I want to make some real improvements on my site. Another thought I had was I could make a direct link to twitter at the
end of each entry to allow users to tweet at me about specific entries, thoughts I have. This could be fun. I guess I may want
to start laying out some user stories to complete in my web development.

Simplicity is still key here. I can't clutter my site. The focus has to remain on the content I put out there. One simple 
piece I could add at the beginning of each entry is a list of maybe two or three words that give the reader an idea
of what today's journal entry is about. To read in a little bit of why this would be useful, I understand that the only
person dedicated to my website on a daily basis is me. This way I can share a small bit of information to attract small
portions of people that might want to hear my thoughts on certain topics.

I was about to go into detail on a judgement of the writing I've done so far, which would amount to roughly 30 minutes
of continuous typing now. This would obviously be a waste of time. As an alternative, I'll give a brief spiel on the current
state of my mind. There is a school of thought that would argue that the less I have to say here the better, but I think I'm
still kind of in the getting-in-touch phase, where making fully-formed descriptions of this can help.

Here I go. "Kyle, how do you describe your mental state right now?"

Right now, I am writing. I am exercising a muscle in my head that causes thoughts to flow, and I'm translating them to words,
then I'm using my fingers to type.

I don't think I need to go much further than that. I think it's more interesting to share these thoughts.

One thing I've been wanting to do is learn how to do graphic design. Namely, I'd like to be able to make small graphics
to enhance content on a website, this could be graphic images, patterns, icons, anything. Ideally, I'd like to play with these
graphics to the point that I making animations with them.

It's interesting the various things you have to learn to fully grasp a thing you want to learn. I guess this could be more a 
judgement to make on a specific subset of things, and how good you want to be at them. Maybe I set expectations for myself to
be great at the things I want to learn, but from experience, I'll try to go into a little detail on what I did to get this 
website in place. As of now, (I might take a picture of the site) It's pretty ugly. I'll put a link to what the website looks like
here{link}.

When I decided I wanted to make a website, it was seen as a step in the process of producing a podcast of my own. My
aunt told me she has a domain registered that she does nothing with. I figured I'd have to at least be able to do that.
She showed me google domains and I saw how you can search domains to see what domains you can register and put content on.
I told her I would be her web developer if she wanted me to. To fulfill this promise, I knew I had to figure out how
to host a web app. One thing I understood was that it's somewhat valuable in the tech industry to know how to do AWS computing.
(My timer went off. I'm going to give myself a few more minutes.) My thought was, the /part/ barrier to entry to doing AWS 
computing would be doing anything on AWS.

I got on AWS to find out how I can host a web app, to maybe find out how I can put together a site for my podcast.
This was actually pretty easy (No, there's no podcast, or podcast website yet). All I had to do was create an AWS account,
and basically tell AWS I want to make an app. Then, AWS gave me the option to link a github repository to the app. I went
to github and made a repository. I called it kyles-podcasts. I used Visual Studio Code to clone the repository and wrote a
couple lines of code.

I am going a little long with this. I should maybe continue tomorrow.

