Today I have been playing with the art of visualizing my thoughts as a stream flowing below me. I think it's helpful to
share where I am getting my mindful practices. I bought a membership about a month ago for an app called Waking Up by
Sam Harris. In this app, Sam guides me through an introductory course of meditations in which I examine my mind very closely.
I have noticed that the most effective practice I've found in this is the practices where I'm guided to look at an object,
or pay attention to a specific thought, then subsequently "look for the observer" or "look for the thinker." This is
interesting to me because it takes me to a perspective where I can get an understanding of what this "self" object is.

Something that I have been thinking about a lot lately is how much of a sense of "self" I have. Now, I see this thought 
alone as a tremendous waste of time (I think I've said "tremendous waste of time" in one of the previous days). Meditation
has taken me to the realization that there is no such thing as "self". Just forget about it.

What I do with the understanding that there is no self I might even venture to say will be the meaning, or purpose, of my
life. I will be drawn to things, I will find interest in things, I will find comfort in things, I will learn things, I 
will do things, I will say things and I will build things. The derivative of it all will be that I have done all these
things not for some manufactured purpose, but simply to do things.

 -- 
Today, I shared in a morning meeting a recommendation to my fellow associates of The Home Depot. I encouraged, and led
my coworkers in a simple stretch to wake up the muscles in the back. Safety is emphasized a lot at The Home Depot, for
for good reason. When I think about the number of injuries that they share in training videos, I try to picture the sheer
magnitude of the number of people that experience the injuries.

I decided my contribution to the solution of that problem would be that I would take a minute during any morning meeting
I attend to share a stretch, and some small health encouragement during the meeting. This way I can make even the smallest
dent in the most common UN-reported injury that associates of The Home Depot take home with them: stress from muscle
tension.

I'll share the stretch that I led today: I told all my coworkers during the morning meeting to reach up and try to touch
the ceiling with one hand. Of course, the ceiling's way too far away for anyone to reach (my tall store manager joked,
I'm the closest!"), but it's amazing how, when paired with a nice deep breath, you can really have a strong positive
impact on your headspace.

See you tomorrow.