I'm coming to accept that I will spend a certain portion of my time journaling on mindfulness for a while. I think I in a
way gave myself a requirement to speak on a variety of topics, or more specific topics that I have the illusion that more
people will be interested in. I think I am a little unaware of the level of interest people have of mindfulness. I even
think if I were to gravitate to a some other obscure topic that isn't interesting to anyone I should continue to write.
After all, this is my journal, and the thoughts I share here are my raw thoughts. This was the goal from the beginning.
I should be thankful that the topic that I feel drawn to write about is something as useful as mindfulness.

Today I was thinking about the things that I associate a great amount of stress towards the practice of. To be specific,
my friend has always encouraged me to continue the practice of technical interview problem solving. I think I've held on to
some sort of feeling of deep abstain towards that practice, simply because I've labeled myself a bad problem-solver. This
is ludicrus (I may have to go through and spellcheck everything I have here). To that, I can hear some positive influential
voice (thankfully for me, there's a number of people's voices that I hear) say, "Hey Kyle, you know how you become a good
problem solver? Solve problems!"

I think there's other examples of this in my life, but this was the most clear example.

There is another practice that I want to implement, and consider, different things I do that I genuinely feel a tremendous
amount of stress doing. One clear example is lifting heavy weights. When I am doing a physically difficult lift (Today's
was flat-bench dumbell flys) I can focus my mind on the physical work, and not allow the stress to build up in my head,
grunting as I struggle through the workout. I think I can apply this to other things, such as learning the piano or enduring
stressful situations.

One thing I really want to get good at is something I heard in a "Moment" on my Waking Up app. Sam encouraged me to imagine
while I do the things I do, someone I most revere with me in the room, and do that thing impeccably as if they
were there with me. If I get good at this, it could get freakishly dangerous. Right now, I'm imagining Malcolm Gladwell
watching me write, maybe having some sort of judgement toward my use of the word "freakishly" (back off, Malcolm, not everyone
has your vocabulary).

This I could do with so many things I do. I can work out alongside David Goggins. I can program with Lex Fridman. I can write
with Malcolm Gladwell. I can play piano with Billy Joel.

Man, mindfulness is fun. 