Today I am fighting with the fear of rejection for a virtual job interview that I have to conduct by Friday afternoon.
So far I know that this interview will entail a few questions, some games to assess my cognitive ability, and possibly
a coding challenge that I will have to complete to be considered for the job. I am most afraid of the coding portion, 
and I also think I will stumle over my words for the behavioral portion. I know preparation will be my key for this, and
I have all of this afternoon and tomorrow to prepare. The interview does say it should take 45 minutes, so I don't imagine
there will be a very strenuous portion, or an extremely difficult coding question.

I know that I will come up with answers to questions. I am coming more and more aware of my ability to form thoughts and
prepare answers just through the exercise of expressing my thoughts in this journal. I think this journal could turn into
a portion of self-assurance for myself. Which leads me to what I wanted to talk about next.

While I was running on the treadmill, I think I may have come to realize one of my most hidden fears. I hear a lot of talk
about the person that we express to others is never our true self. No matter how well you know someone, there will always be
an aspect of that person's life that you will never see. I think this has always been troublesome for me, so I've always
worked hard to have people see me in the most basic of lights. I've never hid anything from anyone. I am sure I could unpack
this more, but I think this piece of myself brings along a fear of change. I feel that the areas in which I grow, the
experiences I have, and the things I learn will progressively bury the previous versions of myself, thereby making the person
I present to people throughout my life different from a previous version of me, making me a fraud (I also smirked at the
ridiculousness of this insecurity, but the reason I'm journaling is to unpack some of this stuff).

One thing I wanted to address to this thought, which at the time I had thought of it on the treadmill I did not think I would
explain it as a fear of mine, all the more making it worthy, was a counter-argument to say, growth is change. To grow, you
must change. You must become someone you were not previously. You must become someone that has accomplished the things you
thought you couldn't. You have to be someone who would say things that previous versions of yourself wouldn't. At the root of 
this, you have to overcome your fear of change. Becoming someone that doesn't fear change will unleash extreme potential in your
life.

Once you become someone who doesn't fear change, you will then become someone that doesn't fear scarier things than change.
A type of change that many people fear is failure. You can become someone that does not fear failure. Beyond failure, there's
a world of things to overcome the fear of, which will build you up into the person you want to be.

You have unlimited potential, and as you make progress toward your goals, you will become who you want to be in the process.
You have to embrace it.