Today is a little different, I am journaling before I've done any sort of workout today. I usually do my journaling after
my workout, because I've felt my thoughts flow better during that time. However, I think there is something to be said about
changing things in a way that will add variance to my routine, working on my flexibility. I think I may have felt that with
the new things I'm doing with my life, I think I've felt that I will not be successful without some sort of routine. I know
there's a lot of people out there that lose their ability to function without their routine, but being my single self, and
someone who has a lot to accomplish, I think I need to have willingness and ability to adjust my days to make room for different
pieces of my life.

The next thing on my agenda is actually what I would call almost a marathon of what I am doing with journaling. Specifically,
I have used 20 minutes to type continuously for my journal, and I think it's been beneficial in a sense, but I think it's also
worthwhile to consider how I can actually use this routine as a tool for things that I want to do. I am seeing that doing this
journaling is a great way to get my thoughts flowing, and it will be very beneficial as a warm-up for doing larger pieces of content.
Namely, as I mentioned yesterday, I have a number of answers to interview questions to prepare, and I've come up with examples
for each, but I've only thoroughly typed out one, and I have at least eight more to go. I think a good approach to this is
to set a timer for not 20 minutes, but one hour and thirty minutes to continuously type and spill thoughts telling stories
from my past work experiences to answer various interview questions (I'm almost noticing the effect of caffeine on my writing
right now).

This will be a little harder for me, because of course I will have to jump from subject to subject, and rather than simply
following my brain waves, I'll be following prompts. I think something odd happens in my brain when I have to write for a
prompt. I think my consistent attention to the question and desire to write something accurate that answers the question well
causes my brain to slow down considerably. I think something that will be important is that I learn to apply this continuous
flow of thought to draft original answers, and I can pass through and refine my answers at a later time.

I think just as I've been surprised at the amount that I can write within the span of twenty minutes, I think I will be surprised
what I can accomplish toward a goal in the span of an hour and a half. I am actually excited to see where I can apply my
routine of typing my thougths to my life. I am almost seeing this as a way to really get my creative juices flowing (hey, I 
think this could be something I address in an interview someday). I can envision myself, once I land some sort of job where
I'm tasked with developing solutions in some sort of manner, journaling for a number of minutes before tackling a specific
problem to kind of "tune my brain" into the specific problem at hand. I have yet to witness how this impacts the next hour
and a half of work for me. I may have struck gold (I bet there's lots of studies of the impact of journaling on problems done
elsewhere, maybe I've struck gold that some people have already struck). I don't know. I think I might be dreaming at 100 mph
again, but we'll see.