Today I plan to reach out to some people within the OrangeMethod, a program within The Home Depot, who will hopefully make
some sort of referral to have my application reviewed so I can land an interview with the program. If I get this job, I will
become an apprentice to be a Product Support Specialist for The Home Depot, a position that I hope to land in the Store
Support Center in Austin, TX. I've always wanted to live in Austin, and this seems to be my best opportunity to find a way
to get there. Relocation is not provided, but I think this will still be the kind of jump I need to expose myself to a new
culture, apart from what I am used to.

I need to find out what to say to these people. I think my big struggle is finding out the right way to phrase an invitation
to connect, as well as a appeal for an application review. I think these are necessary steps toward a great opportunity,
and I am really excited, but I want to do the right things to get there. I am fully qualified for this position, and I think
my perspective will be valued in the job I just have to find the right words to say to the right people. I know of one Software
Engineering Manager who I could reach out to, though he's not connected to Product Support, he is connected to OrangeMethod, and
could probably point me to the right people.

Besides all this, I also want to do some updating to my website. I want to build it in a way that wil provide a good user
interface. I should start by updating my requirements list for the website. I haven't had much opportunity to work on the
website this week, and hopefully I'll find some helpful information on how to design what I want for the website. I think
one thing that will be important is that I start with one thing at a time. I can update the navbar on the site first, then
move on to the other parts. This order of opperation is important because I think the navbar is going to be kind of like
the skeleton of the site, something that will be imperative to the growth. I've done some navbar design in my past, and I
think I can figure out how to design something reasonable for web and mobile.

One thing I will benefit a lot from is my time management. I really want to find a good job where I can build a basis for my
life to be effective with my time. In this season of my life - the job search world, I have a fair amount of time to do a lot
of different things on a fairly flexible schedule. Once I land something that is a more robust schedule, I will have to learn
to adapt and push all distractions away from my work. I want to be an extremely effective contributor wherever I land, and
I need to find a way to make sure I'm staying on task and being effective no matter what. I want to put my mind to work, and
I want to make a difference for the better. The keys to this sort of success will be my diligence and discipline.

I think one important thing to do right now is believe in myself. I can research how to ask for referrals, I can resarch how
to build a responsive website, and I can be the disciplined person I want to be.

I didn't do a guided meditation yesterday, I think this could be why I'm kind of in my head.

I know this journaling will be helpful to me somehow. I just want to figure out a way to create something useful for everyone
else. Maybe one day, with my effort toward the analysis of ideas through journaling, I'll find a reasonable subject to write
a book on. However, I still want to create a podcast, and I've to an extent likened podcasts to the modern-day book.