I'm not totally sure what to talk about today because I've not been left alone in my thoughts much today. I got to run
Evan on some trails, we ran roughly 4.55 miles. Tomorrow I plan to really revamp the UI of my website. I think the development
has been going slower than I had hoped, but at least I've successfully returned to it every day this week to at least add
entries.

Back to the run today. I am just realizing now that if Evan were to read this journal (I'm not sure why I'm not comfortable
with calling this a blog) He may understand a little more of the nature of mindfulness I'm experiencing currently... Not
that I really feel like this new awareness has brought me priceless treasures at this point, or think there's any reason
he really should understand this. So far it's just interesting to me. I think I have some more things to learn.

Why don't I talk about what I learned today?

I started today listening to a conversation between Sam Harris and David Whyte. They had a long-form discussion stemming
from a number of essays David wrote about different words. One that stuck out, or I heard particularly loudly was David's 
essay on the word "Friendship". He pointed out that at the root of friendships is witness. To be more accurate, he said that
the deep benefit to be had through a friendship is witness. The witness of someone's life, and the invitation to express
insight into that life. In particularly good friendshpis, this insight typically highlights the better parts of a person,
and that's why people appreciate their friends.

I think one specific thing I gain from friendships is somewhat a bit of accountability, and this could of course stem from
the positive highlight I get from the insight of a friend on my life, but I think some of the most valueable things I've
harvested from my friendships is consistent assurance that I have not only a good and meaningful direction, but I'm equipped
to walk the path. I guess it could be that friendships bring not the meaning, but the sense of a meaning into a person's life.

One other subject discussed in the conversation I heard this morning, well, at this point it was the afternoon and I had
returned to the conversation for further listening, was the concept of "Aloneness".

I want to say that the things that they spoke about on aloneness were highly motivated to give people a more positive perception
of the concept. This makes a lot of sense. Many people are afraid of being alone. I am recalling now that this would be
another good conversation to return to, because they gave some good insights into the concept, and I think it could be a worthy
additon to my learning of "theory" along with my practice of meditation. It will surely be valueable for me to have tools
in the form of ideas to reassure my thinking in moments of solitude.

Bye now.